Move Single Asset Vault docs from opensource (#3261)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/tutorials/how-tos/set-up-lending/use-single-asset-vaults/create-a-single-asset-vault.md

---
seo:
    description: Create a single asset vault on the XRP Ledger.
metadata:
  indexPage: true
labels:
  - Single Asset Vault

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status: not_enabled
---
```

{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

Next, fund a vault owner account, define the MPT issuance ID for the vault's asset, and provide a permissioned domain ID to control who can deposit into the vault.

{% tabs %}
{% tab label="JavaScript" %}
{% code-snippet file="/_code-samples/vaults/js/createVault.js" language="js" from="// Create and fund" before="// Prepare VaultCreate" /%}
{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

The example uses an existing MPT issuance and permissioned domain data from the `vaultSetup.js` script, but you can also provide your own values. If you want to create a public vault, you don't need to provide the `domainId`.

### 3. Prepare VaultCreate transaction

Create the [VaultCreate transaction][] object:

{% tabs %}
{% tab label="JavaScript" %}
{% code-snippet file="/_code-samples/vaults/js/createVault.js" language="js" from="// Prepare VaultCreate" before="// Submit, sign" /%}
{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

The `tfVaultPrivate` flag and `DomainID` field restrict deposits to accounts with valid credentials in the specified permissioned domain. These can be omitted if you want to create a public vault instead.

> The `AssetsMaximum` is set to `0` to indicate no cap on how many assets the vault can hold, but you can adjust as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AssetsMaximum` is set to `0` to indicate no cap on how much of the asset the vault can hold, but you can adjust as needed.
```
Adjusted wording here. Initial phrasing makes it sound like the vault can hold multiple different assets.

Vault shares are **transferable** by default, meaning depositors can transfer their shares to other accounts. If you don't want the vault's shares to be transferable, enable the `tfVaultShareNonTransferable` flag.

> 

Reviewer: It might be worthwhile to call out the `data` schema here, similar to how we did with the issue MPT tutorial.
